[Music]
now when the Queen of Sheba heard of the
fame of Solomon concerning the name of
the Lord she came to test him with hard
questions she came to Jerusalem with a
very great retinue with camels that bore
spices very much gold and precious
stones and when she came to Solomon she
spoke with him about all that was in her
heart so Solomon answered all her
questions there was nothing so difficult
for the king that he could not explain
it to her and when the Queen of Sheba
had seen all the wisdom of Solomon the
house that he had built the food on his
table the seating of his servants the
service of his waiters and their apparel
his cup bearers and his entry way by
which he went up to the house of the
Lord there was no more spirit in her and
she said to the king it was a true
report which I heard in my own land
about your words and your wisdom however
I did not believe the words until I came
and saw with my own eyes
and indeed the half was not told me your
wisdom and prosperity exceed the fame of
which I heard happy are your men and
happy are these your servants who stand
continually before you and hear your
wisdom blessed be the Lord your God who
delighted in you setting you on the
throne of Israel because the Lord has
loved Israel forever therefore he made
you King to do justice and righteousness
then she gave the king one hundred and
twenty talents of gold spices in great
quantity and precious stones there never
again came such abundance of spices as
the Queen of Sheba gave to King Solomon
also the ships of Hyrum which brought
gold from Ophir brought great quantities
of Almog wood and precious stones from a
fir and the King made steps of the Almog
wood for the house of the Lord and for
the King's house also harps and stringed
instruments for singers there never
again came such a luck wood nor has the
like been seen to this day now King
Solomon gave the Queen of Sheba all she
desired whatever she asked besides what
Solomon had given her according to the
Royal generosity so she turned and went
to her own country she and her servants
the weight of gold that came to Solomon
yearly was 666 talents of gold
besides that from the travelling
merchants from the income of traders
from all the kings of Arabia and from
the governors of the country and King
Solomon made 200 large shields of
hammered gold six hundred shekels of
gold went into each shield
he also made three hundred shields of
hammered gold three minutes of gold went
into each shield the king put them in
the house of the forest of Lebanon
moreover the King made a great throne of
ivory and overlaid it with pure gold the
throne had six steps and the top of the
throne was round at the back there were
arm rests on either side of the place of
the seat and two lines stood beside the
arm rests 12 Lions stood there one on
each side of the six steps nothing like
this had been made for any other Kingdom
all King Solomon's drinking vessels will
go and all the vessels of the house of
the forest of Lebanon were pure girl not
one was silver for this was accounted as
nothing in the days of Solomon for the
King had merchant ships at sea with a
fleet of Hiram once every three years
the merchant ships came bringing gold
silver ivory Apes and monkeys
so King Solomon surpassed all the kings
of the earth in riches and wisdom
now all the earth sought the presence of
Solomon to hear his wisdom which God had
put in his heart
each man brought his present articles of
silver and gold garments Armour spices
horses and mules at a set rate year by
year and Solomon gathered chariots and
horsemen he had 1,400 chariots and
twelve thousand horsemen whom he
stationed in the chariot cities and with
the King at Jerusalem the King made
silver as common in Jerusalem as stones
and he made cedar trees as abundant as
the Sycamores which are in the lowland
also Solomon had horses imported from
Egypt and Kiva the King's merchants
brought them in Kiva at the current
price now a chariot that was imported
from Egypt cost 600 shekels of silver
and a horse 150 and thus through their
agents they exported them to all the
kings of the Hittites and the kings of
Syria
you